# A-highly-comparative-approach-to-the-analysis-of-resting-state-fMRI-functional-connectivity
This GitHub repository contains the scripts used during Jose Maria Casanova Master's Thesis project.

Author: Jose Maria Casanova Blázquez (jose.casanova@estudiante.uam.es)
Director: Fabiano Baroni (fabiano.baroni@uam.es)
#
Data were provided by the Human Connectome Project, WU-Minn Consortium (Principal Investigators: David Van Essen and Kamil Ugurbil; 1U54MH091657) funded by the 16 NIH Institutes and Centers that support the NIH Blueprint for Neuroscience Research;and by the McDonnell Center for Systems Neuroscience at Washington University.
#
# Scripts
-script_distribute_xFC_erg.m :creates every possible combination of measure, then it calls multi_range_qsub in order to create the .m files and the jobs that will be launched with the cluster.

-script_distribute_xFC_missing_subjects.m : creates every possible combination of measure, then it calls multi_range_qsub in order to create the .m files and the jobs that will be launched with the cluster but just the missing subjects.

-script_calculate_ve_erg.m : load every xFC.mat generated by the two last scripts and calculate the variance explained for them. It also plots the results.

-script_analyze_ve_erg.m : print different plots from the VE matrix calculated in script_calculate_ve_erg.,

-script_spearman_*: calculate the Spearman Correlation across the different FC measures, parcellations and preprocessing steps. It also plots the violin plots for these correlations. 

The remaining scripts are auxiliary for the execution of the previous scripts.

#
The scripts were provided by Fabiano Baroni and edited and launched by Jose Maria Casanova.
